Add a note that explains why Segment does not map Identify to LaunchDarkly (Actions) (#3682)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-launchdarkly/index.md

{% include components/actions-fields.html %}

> info "A note about Identify calls"

> > LaunchDarkly does not store user attributes for use with flag evaluations. As a result, Segment does not support mapping Identify calls to LaunchDarkly actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> LaunchDarkly doesn't store user attributes for use with flag evaluations. As a result, Segment doesn't support mapping Identify calls to LaunchDarkly actions.
```
